[Music]
this is the il assist module this comes
free with the icic and bombard ils il
assist insurance package
the this is an obd
dongle
and it's powered by
car iq
[Music]
so it's given the three steps download
ils strap which is on the mobile phone
connect the smart plug
and
then you know we're good to get started
let's test
open this up
[Music]
this device is part of your subscription
plan and is to be returned to car iq at
the end of your subscription
so it is free as long as we have the
insurance from icici lombard but i
believe after that we will have to
subscribe or
return the device
okay
[Music]
small instruction booklet
so this is the
ilses module
[Music]
i believe there is an embedded sim
because there is an im imei number also
shown on top
so this goes into the obd connector of
the car
[Music]
um
now i have installed the il assist app
and
[Music]
so there it is it has successfully
registered
[Music]
let us now explore uh some of the other
features assist app
uh so on the landing zone we see the
kilometers traveled how many minutes
were spent driving the health of the
battery and any errors
[Music]
we can also see the activity
so if i select a specific trip
it shows the full map and details
[Music]
and there is also the driving summary
and some
reports in terms of trends
so this is economies core fuel spend
fuel efficiency and things like that
coming to these settings
you can turn on location tracking and
various set of alerts
so turned on most of the alerts we have
alerts for ignition on off
device plug out
weekly summary hand handbraking idling
etc and the battery as well
so
since the device comes with a built-in
sim
there is an sms that comes to your
mobile phone on
every one of these alerts so you will
get notified based on the sms
[Music]
so some of these alerts such as the
battery are
extremely useful specifically in the uh
covet kind of a time period
[Music]
in case you have not used the car for a
long time then
this will alert you that you are running
out of battery so that you can you know
either
get the band take the car for a ride to
ensure your battery is protected there
is also this roadside assistance feature
which you can invoke
and it sends the the car as well
[Music]
so this is about the
so this is about the il assist app
it's a useful add-on that comes along
with your insurance i've been using it
for
over a year now and find it extremely
useful thank you
[Music]
you